Bad luck (-1 on attacks and saving throws)
The character's beard grows 1" a minute.
The character is teleported away from the rest of the party.
A random monster appears and attacks the reader.
The character is polymorphed into a mouse.
The character shrinks to half normal size.
The character is stricken with weakness, halving his STR.
The character falls into a deep sleep and cannot be aroused.
The character develops an uncontrollable appetite.
The character must always speak in rhyme (preventing most spellcasting.)
The character is blinded.
The character is deafened.
The character becomes a coward and must make a morale check when facing danger.
The character's alignment is changed to LE.
The character's alignment is changed to LG.
The character's alignment is changed to LN.
The character's alignment is changed to N.
The character's alignment is changed to NG.
The character's alignment is changed to NE.
The character's alignment is changed to CE.
The character's alignment is changed to CG.
The character's alignment is changed to CN.
The character suffers 2-6 points of damage.
The character suffers amnesia.
The character feels compelled to give away all belongings.
The character must make a save vs. petrification or be turned to stone.
The character is turned into a frog.
A random monster appears and attacks the reader with one free round of action.
One random magic item that the character owns disappears.
One magic item chosen by the DM that the character owns disappears.
The character loses one level of XP, as if struk by a wight.
The character Prime Requisite must be re-rolled.
Future wounds take twice as long to heal and healing spells are at 1/2 effect.
The character is cursed with Evil Eye.
The character is cursed with lycanthropy (DM chooses animal.)
The character is polymorphed into a donkey.
The character is polymorphed into a goat.
The character is polymorphed into a camel.
The character falls in love with the first person he sees of the opposite sex.
The character has earned the enmity of a powerful ruler of some town.
The character has caught the attention of a mischievious djinni.
The character becomes extremely paranoid.
